- Previously on "Dare Me."
- For the next two weeks,
everything that we do
in practice
is about our video.
- We're not there yet,
but we're close.
I can see it
and I can see regionals.
- You want the dick.
- Not into your dick.
Show me what else you got.
- Oh, I hear everything.
Don't you know
that by now, Hanlon?
- It just feels
so good to be free.
- You know what I want?
A wife who cares enough
to remember to pick up
our daughter.
- Playland motel.
Friday night.
- The marines?
This is their party?
- The party's over.
Come on.
- Beth?
- She's down there.
- You cannot bring her here.
Not tonight.
I thought you were
smarter than this.
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
- I used to think
that memories were a way
of holding onto the truth.
Never forgetting
what really happened.
But it turns out memories
are more like dreams.
They tell us everything
about ourselves,
whether we're ready
for it or not.
- Well, Matt's gonna
wake up soon, so...
- Hey.
- How you feeling?
- Get your stuff.
We're leaving.
- Everything okay?
- Meet me later
in my office, Addy.
[pop music playing]
♪ ♪
- What were you and Coach
talking about?
- Nothing.
Girlfriend's just pissed you
brought me there last night.
So am I.
That was the last place
you should've taken me.
- I had no choice.
- You could've taken me
to your house.
- [scoffs]
My house?
My mom would've freaked out.
You were gone, Beth.
Completely gone.
Worse than the night
at Lanvers.
- Unbelievable.
- Well, sorry.
I guess I fucked up, okay?
I just...I didn't know
what to do, Beth.
I...I thought we needed help.
- What?
- I thought you
might need help.
- Not from her.
Never from her.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Get in here.
Close the door.
- But it's Saturday.
No one's here.
- Do you understand what
almost happened last night?
- Yes.
- Cheerleaders arrested
in motel party with marines.
That's not the headline
we want when
we're waiting to hear
about regionals.
I trusted you.
I made you a leader,
I saw it in you,
and I wanted
to make it happen for you.
We are so close to being
the squad that we want to be
right now.
We are unified, even Beth.
And then you pull this.
- We are unified.
Beth, all of us.
We just wanted to let loose.
Coach, we have
been working so hard.
No one knows anything.
It's not a thing, I swear.
- No?
Are you sure about that?
'Cause you girls live your
lives on your Goddamn phones.
There must be photos, right?
- No photos.
They took our phones.
- What?
If this gets out...
To Beth's dad,
the other boosters,
that is like shining
a spotlight on me
and everything that I do.
I can't afford that right now.
I can't take any more risks.
I thought you understood that.
I thought you had my back.
- Nothing happened.
We were out of there
before the cops came.
And no one's gonna talk.
- Oh, okay, not even Beth?
- Especially Beth.
Beth never talks
about anything.
Not even to me.
[phone buzzing]
- You should go now.
[slow hip-hop music]
- ♪ For all the choices
you make ♪
♪ When you trying
to give life ♪
♪ And they all trying
to take life ♪
♪ All that burden
for no weight ♪
♪ All that working
for no pay ♪
♪ I got enough
on my brain... ♪
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music playing]
- Watch this.
Boo!
Bitch.
[chuckles]
It's all in the abs,
so you better get some.
- Yeah, better get some.
- I didn't know Beth
had her bow and arrow.
- Jealous, much?
- She doesn't need to show off.
The great ones never do.
Hey.
You're not wearing
your necklace.
- I lost it,
Friday night.
- Oh, shit.
At the party?
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm sorry.
I know how much you
love that necklace.
- It's just a necklace.
- Yeah, but you're always
saying it's the only
thing your dad ever
got you that didn't
look like it came
from the airport gift shop.
- Okay, one last time
before the pep rally.
Let's get to it.
I wanna see those liberties.
Get into your groups.
["Up All Night" by Sault]
- ♪ Up all night,
dance on the weekend ♪
♪ Rain or shine,
praying that the music will ♪
♪ Change my life,
no time for sleeping ♪
♪ Kill your pride,
don't stop believing it ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
- Wanna dare to carb
and get Luigi's?
Just sneak one by Coach
with a Maestro Maximus
deep dish?
- Yeah, if I can go
for a run after.
- Relax.
Just take a minute.
Who are you always
competing with?
- We find out about
regionals tomorrow.
[sighs]
We're almost there.
We just...
we gotta push even harder.
We gotta lock it down.
- Hmm, like Friday night?
Were you locking it down then?
- Mom.
I-I explained...
- Stop that.
Drives me nuts.
- Sorry.
The one night
I don't text back.
I got distracted.
I forgot to look at my phone.
I told you I was
staying at Beth's.
- At Beth's.
Don't forget,
I've met Beth's mother.
A nightgown in the middle
of the afternoon.
Like Blanche DuBois.
When I text you for
a check-in, you text back.
That's the deal we made.
- Okay.
I'm sorry.
I screwed up.
Everyone screws up.
I'm sorry.
You know how Beth is.
- I know.
- It's just a lot
all the time, so...
I just, uh...
don't know if it's real.
Sometimes I don't know
if it's real
or if it's just
"The Boy Who Cried Wolf."
- And you know what
happens to that boy, right?
When the wolf
finally does come,
no one believes him.
[soft tense music]
♪ ♪
- I didn't mean to...
- Fall out, soldier.
- Yes, ma'am.
♪ ♪
- What's his story?
- There is no story.
- So you and Kurtz aren't...
- You shouldn't ask
questions that
you don't want the answer to.
- Why wouldn't
I want the answer?
- 'Cause you like things
simple and pretty, Addy.
You always have.
- Can you just
answer the question?
- What was it again?
- You and Kurtz?
Friday night.
Nothing happened...
that you didn't want
to happen, right?
- Nothing happened.
- Here we are again,
Sutton Grove.
Another Homecoming!
[cheers and applause]
Take a look at
this team right here.
Whoa, these guys are ferocious.
Friday night, these guys
are going to slaughter
the Holy Cross Saints.
But I'm burying the lede.
We have some big news about
our soaring varsity
cheer squad.
Guys, all they do is work.
They are fearsome,
they are ferocious,
and now they are contenders!
That's right.
Cleveland, here we come!
These girls are
going to regionals!
[cheers and applause]
- [mouthing]
- Oh, yeah!
You're going to regionals.
And you're going to regionals!
And you're going
to regionals.
And you're going to regionals!
How 'bout that!
Regionals, here we come!
Okay, so this year,
we go up to Cleveland,
the mistake on the lake,
but next year,
when we get
our own new shiny stadium
right here in Sutton Grove,
they come to us, all right?
They come to us!
[cheers and applause]
All right, now let's get
a little taste
of the sweet, sweet nectar
to come.
Coach French, take it away.
Show us what winners look like!
Take it away, girls.
Let's hear it for our girls.
[cheers and applause]
- Okay.
You heard the man.
You worked hard.
You fought for it.
Here we are.
After this you will eat, sleep,
breathe cheer every day
until we get to regionals.
But first...
get out there
and take your victory lap.
Go!
- One, two, three!
all:
Go Eagles!
- We're going to regionals!
[cheers and applause]
Let's go, Eagles!
- Hey!
S-G-H-S!
[rhythmic clapping]
all: [chanting]
Eagle up!
Hey.
Eagle up.
Eagles, you know what to do.
Get out of your seats
and Eagle up, too.
[rousing hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ You know ♪
♪ Expensive champagne ♪
[cheers and applause]
- [shrieks]
[audience gasping]
- [crying]
- Tacy, are you okay?
- [gasping]
- Oh, my God, Ri.
- All right, I need you
to just stay strong.
You're gonna be okay.
Hey, look at me.
- You see that?
- What the hell?
- Sorry.
[indistinct chatter]
[unsettling music]
♪ ♪
- Slow down.
- Sorry, I have the teeth.
- You can't go back there!
I said you--
- Sorry.
- Yes, we have them, we must.
- Hi, I have them.
I lost a tooth when I was
in the sixth grade
and my mom--she knew that
milk keeps the teeth alive.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Rinse with saline,
no antiseptic.
- You're gonna be okay.
- [panting]
- Good, good, yeah.
Good.
- There's my baby.
- Hey.
- You okay?
You ready to go?
- Yeah, I guess.
You wanna come?
You guys could have
a little sleepover tonight,
just like the old days.
- No, I think
I'm gonna stay here.
- You sure?
Because I am cooking tonight
and you're the only one who has
ever liked my saucy pork chops.
Come on, you guys could haul
out that old ouija board.
- I thought you threw
that thing away
'cause of the--the bad mojo.
- No, it's in the garage.
Y'all used to be on that thing
all night looking for
portents or whatever.
- You remember that, right?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I remember everything.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- You're gonna need this.
It's not as bad as it smells.
- I'll take your word for it.
- How are you feeling?
- Great.
Like I just snorted
a line of cocaine and have
a bag of "Fuck you" money
stashed in a private jet.
- Before you come down
from that high,
do you wanna tell me
what happened last night?
- Nothing happened.
- Look, we all make mistakes.
Partying too hard,
losing control.
And then we learn
the hard way not to.
If you stay strong
and stay clear,
then you won't find
yourself in a situation
that you can't handle.
You won't be
knocking on people's doors
in the middle of the night
asking for them to help you.
- I don't recall
knocking on any doors.
- Right, you don't recall.
You're okay, right?
- I was drunk,
but I'm fine, okay?
- Okay.
Well, Matt's gonna be up
soon and I--
[door opening]
- Hey, how are you feeling?
- Get your stuff.
We're leaving.
- Is everything okay?
- Meet me later
in my office, Addy.
- They gone?
- Just now.
Thank God, right?
- Jesus, they look so young.
And innocent.
- [scoffs]
Trust me, they're not.
- Guess they don't know
how lucky they are, do they?
Getting caught probably
would've been better for them.
- Better how?
- Teach 'em a lesson.
They think they can
do whatever they want.
get away with anything.
- No one's gonna talk.
- Oh, okay, not even Beth?
- Especially not Beth.
[phone buzzing]
- You should go now.
Okay, one more time
before the pep rally.
Let's get to it.
I want to see those liberties.
Get into your groups.
What is it, Tacy?
- I was thinking...what if I
tried the bow and arrow today?
- Absolutely not.
- But I-I've been practicing.
- I said no.
We don't take risks
at a pep rally and you
barely have your liberty.
Now, get in there.
Eyes up, toes pointed,
and lock that knee.
And up.
Three, four, five,
six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
- I see Matt took my advice.
Although I recall
saying two dozen, minimum.
I keep a standing order.
It solves any problem--
well, most of them.
Not that you two
have any problems.
I'll be sending my own,
of course,
when we get to regionals.
- One-track mind, huh?
- Any word, by the way?
It would be awfully nice
if we had a juicy announcement
for the pep rally
tomorrow, right?
Great optics paper over
the slow motion tragedy
of our football team.
Get my fellow boosters
to empty their pocketbooks.
- Yeah, go ahead and tell 'em.
- No.
You heard from them?
- Just today.
We're in.
- Oh!
Fuck me.
[laughs]
Pardon--pardon my French.
We're in!
That is...
gonna be a moment
when we announce...
You did it.
You really did.
You got us there.
Thank you.
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
- We need to talk.
- Look, I know
I didn't text you back...
- The motel party Friday night.
Does that sound familiar?
- Yes.
- Yeah, your girl Beth
and one of my men,
Kurtz, have been texting
and meeting up.
I don't know how
far it went, but...
- Jesus.
- I just--I thought
you should know.
Okay, he said that she's been
icing him out since Friday.
I don't know
everything for sure, but...
I know that Kurtz
is a screw up
and Beth is...uh...
Well, we--we know how Beth is.
- She's wild, right?
I mean, you've seen those
little skirts that she wears.
What did she think
was gonna happen?
Doesn't she know the rules?
Get in a car with an older guy,
you stay too long
at the Beta-Xi party.
Oh, God,
you fucked his friend?
Didn't you know that
means you fuck him, too?
- That's--that's not
what I meant.
That's not what I meant at all.
I meant that she's a kid
and she doesn't know
that she's a kid.
That's all I meant.
- God.
There's so many dangers
out there.
I don't...
- You're doing
what you can, okay?
They look up to you.
And it matters.
You can talk to me, you know.
- You have to go.
I don't wanna get caught.
Not again.
We might not get
as lucky next time.
- Colette...
- I'll reach out.
- Okay.
If she says anything,
let me know
and I'll take care of it.
[cheering
and rhythmic clapping]
all: [chanting]
Eagle up.
Hey.
Eagles, you know what to do.
Get out of your seats
and Eagle up, too.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- [whispering]
Five, six, seven, eight.
[cheers and applause]
Tacy.
Tacy, get that foot down!
- [shrieks]
[crowd exclaims]
- Call 911.
Ice, first aid.
Okay, hey.
Look at me.
Breathe.
Hey, hey, look at me.
You're gonna be okay.
Okay, it doesn't hurt
as much as you think it does.
I need you to stay strong,
RiRi.
Look at me. Ready?
Breathe. Shh.
You almost made it.
Yeah.
Just keep breathing.
You're doing so good, okay?
- [panting]
Mom?
Where's my mom?
- Your mom--I called your mom.
She's on her way, remember?
- [panicked muttering]
- No, no.
She's not gonna be mad.
Take a breath, okay?
Just take a breath.
Yeah, that's good.
Will you hold this?
Good, okay.
You're okay.
Hey, you're okay, you're okay.
- Okay, I'm gonna need you
to open your mouth
and keep it open.
- Okay, ready?
- Okay.
- You're okay.
Shh, it's okay.
- Very clean extraction.
They might be able to replant.
Do we have the teeth?
- Um...yes.
- Where are they?
- Uh, we must--we have them.
- I have the teeth.
- You can't go back there!
- I have them.
- Thank you.
- Okay, rinse with saline,
no antiseptic.
- Milk keeps the teeth alive.
- We're gonna have
to watch her for a concussion.
- [exhales]
- At least football players
wear helmets.
- There's my baby.
- You're the mom?
- Yes, yes.
- [sobbing]
- I'm here now, baby.
- Okay, Mom, we're gonna
need you to step out.
- I'm right here, baby.
I'm not going anywhere.
- She's gonna be okay.
Um...
Is...um...is there
anyone that I can call,
anything that I can do for you?
- You can do your fucking job
and maybe we wouldn't be here.
- You...have to know
how sorry I am.
- You are a mother, right?
This is on you.
Her face...
ruined because of you.
Because you wanted to do
what you wanted to do.
You are the coach.
The adult.
The mother.
This is on you.
- Complete collapse, huh?
Maybe we should take the hint.
- End the longest day ever?
Thank you for
picking her up today.
- It's no problem.
- Should I ask about
the princess Band-Aid?
- It's just a scratch.
It's nothing to worry about.
She's tough.
Like her mom.
[light music]
♪ ♪
[uneasy music]
[music stops]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[music stops]
[birds chirping, dog barking]
- [gasps]
[exhales]
[door opening and closing]
- You're okay, right?
- Yeah, I was--just drunk.
I'm fine, okay?
- Okay.
Well, Matt's gonna
be up soon, so--
- Hey, how are you feeling?
- Get your stuff.
We're leaving.
[phone buzzing]
- What did you
and Coach talk about?
- Nothing.
Girlfriend's just pissed you
brought me there last night.
So am I.
That was the last place
you should've taken me.
- I had no choice.
- You could've taken me
to my house.
You could've
taken me to your house.
You could've--could've
taken me to a bus stop
or left me on
the church steps in a box
or in a Goddamn gutter, okay?
Anything would've been better.
[phone buzzing]
- You were
completely out of it.
Do you not remember?
[voice fading]
You know how you get.
There's no dealing with
you when you're like that.
- Unbelievable.
[ringing tone]
- I guess
I fucked up again, right?
I'm sorry.
Is that what you want to hear?
I'm the asshole because...
[horn honking]
I thought we needed help.
- What?
- You needed help.
- Not from her.
Never from her.
[phone buzzing]
[exhales]
[door opening]
[indistinct chatter]
[phone buzzing]
- Your phone's buzzing.
Can I use that now?
If you're done.
- Be my guest.
You need it more than I do.
- Are you trying
to break Dad's heart?
- What?
- Your necklace.
The one that Dad gave you.
Did you lose it?
No wonder he doesn't
get you nice things.
[phone buzzing]
[phone keyboard clacking]
- [shuddering inhale]
[engine turning over]
[ringing tone]
[distant thud]
- Hey.
- Did you find it?
- It's not there.
No one's seen it.
- Okay, thanks.
- Is it, like, important?
Like, really expensive
or something?
- I have to go.
- Hey, look.
Can we--can we
talk about Friday?
- I don't need
to talk about Friday.
- Honestly,
the whole night's a wash.
- You're gonna have to live
with what you don't remember.
- Why are you acting so weird?
- I'm not.
- You need to relax.
- No, I don't--
I don't need to do anything.
- I didn't mean to...
- Fall out, soldier.
- Yes, ma'am.
- What's his story?
- There is no story.
- So you and Kurtz aren't...
- There's no me and Kurtz.
- What about Friday?
- What about it?
- Nothing happened, right?
- You shouldn't ask questions
that you don't
want the answer to.
- Why wouldn't
I want the answer?
- 'Cause you like things simple
and...pretty.
- Beth, stop playing.
Nothing happened Friday night
that you didn't
want to happen, right?
- No.
Nothing happened.
- And you're going
to regionals!
And you're going to regionals!
[cheers and applause]
[distant cheering]
[heartbeat pounding]
[cheers and applause]
- S-G-H-S!
[rhythmic clapping]
all: [chanting]
Eagle up.
Hey.
Eagles, you know what to do.
Get out of your seats
and Eagle it up, too.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ You know what ♪
♪ Expensive shades ♪
[cheers and applause]
[sounds fade]
[shimmering music]
♪ ♪
- [shrieks]
- [screams]
[crowd exclaiming]
- [sobbing]
- [panting]
[heartbeat pounding]
- Oh, my God.
[sobbing]
- You're fine.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're just a little shaken up.
- [sobbing]
It hurts, it hurts.
- You're just
a little shaken up.
- [hyperventilating]
[panting]
[gasping]
[heavy metal playing]
- How's the patient?
- What?
[music stops]
- How's RiRi?
- It's bad now,
but she'll be fine.
It'll be like
it never happened.
- And how about
the rest of you?
- Nothing a little bleach
won't fix.
- I, uh, I found this
in my car.
I'm guessing it's yours, right?
- Yeah, um, my--
my dad gave it to me.
- It's pretty.
- Mexico.
Our last family trip
before we...
- Hey.
- You ready to go?
- Yeah, I guess.
- You wanna come?
You guys could have a sleepover
tonight, like the old days.
- I'm gonna stay here,
but thanks.
- Oh, come on, are you sure?
I'm cooking tonight
and you are the only person
who has ever liked
my saucy pork chops.
- 'Cause they're gross.
- You two could haul out
that ancient Ouija board...
- I thought you
threw that thing away
because of the bad...mojo?
- No, it is in the garage.
You two used to be up all night
on that thing,
looking for portents.
- You remember that?
- Yeah.
I remember everything.
[low tense music]
♪ ♪
[shouts]
[indistinct chatter,
door opening]
[door closes]
[water running]
♪ ♪
[footsteps receding]
[door opens and closes]
[slow rock music]
♪ ♪
- Beth always says,
"I choose what to look at.
I choose what to remember."
Beth is my memory.
And I'm hers.